there we are
yeah i can see i can hear
y'all should be able to hear hey
there we go
wonderful i have learned that if i don't
just ask that at the beginning of each
one
i'm
i'm begging begging for trouble
yay hi guys
so uh oh how rude of me i did not
introduce
i'm brittany this is lan jan and welcome
to gay watch where we watch gay things
today we are continuing our journey
through motel zouche we are on page 43
we are at part two of chapter eight i
believe that's how you say that
and uh we'll get started here in just a
second we're gonna let um the
notification go out and anyone who's
available to hop on in will just hop on
in
how are we doing oh my god familiar
faces
we are going for an hour and a half
today
hopefully as per usual that's why that's
that's what i would like to do for these
live streams
and so far it seems to be working out
just fine this is my new here's
something to do um i'm not sure i can
get out of the way enough for you to see
it
but i have a brand new chair
after years i'm and i mean years this is
like
i've gone through what four
five desktop chairs over the past
three years
i have spent money and time and effort
and frustration and my wife's ability to
put together chairs
to try and find a good one and
eventually we had to spend
more money than i think either one of us
are comfortable spending on a
desktop chair desktop yeah
desk chair desk chair computer chair
uh in order to actually finally get a
good one that's not gonna fall apart in
like six months
and it's beautiful it's a special
edition if you look up um if you google
secret lab jinx chair
that is the one that i have
it is from arcane i wait wait wait here
i can spin i can spin look at the back
of this mother
look at it
look at it this is the premium content
you guys signed up for
this is the jinx chair because i love
arcane
arcane's one of the best stories i've
ever i've ever seen
plus there's a sapphic subplot so why
you haven't seen it i have no idea
ah okay
let's go ahead and get started we were
into yeast city
we're uh curing some ducklings with some
kanji
and
i got duped
by the freaking effigies like twice
when i've seen the show
we're not we're not we're not going to
linger on that
and i'm waiting for a certain um chaotic
someone to uh
show up
but he hasn't yet
but we're in the middle of
kanji hijinks i think i think was the
accurate way to put it
if you hear a cat meowing
they are fine
they're just pitiful
and pathetic but they are fine i promise
all righty as per usual i've really got
to figure out a way to keep uh
i keep like a page counter or something
in the bottom corner so that people know
what page we're on without me having to
announce it every two seconds
hmm
if you have any ideas
oh shut up ghostly entity this is your
first live stream with me
hello i hope you enjoy it i hope it's
not nearly as disastrous as the last one
ask
they'll tell you
okay
page 43
right at the top
a gust of sinister wind had blown in out
of nowhere and pushed the door
that's a good sign that's a great sign
a guest of sinister wind had blown in
out of nowhere and pushed the door to
the small room open a crack it swung
open and closed intermittently it was
pitch black inside the room and they
could only vaguely see a hunched shadow
sitting next to a table
we were shame gestured for them not to
move and walked into the room himself
the light of the oil lamp and the
candles from the central room seeped
inside the old lady had her head bowed
bowed as if she hadn't noticed anyone
come in
there was a piece of cloth in her lap
tied taut to an embroidery frame she
appeared to be doing needle work her
hands were stiffly pressed together as
she tried to poke a thread through a
needle
waiver shan's seated himself next to the
table
granny why not turn on the lights when
you thread your needle let me
he took the needle and thread and fixed
it in no time then he returned them to
the old lady and walked out of the room
like nothing was the matter closing the
door behind him
leave her be he said
did you check if the old witch was alive
or dead when you went in just now chin
ling asked
don't call her an old witch it's rude
way we shan chided that old lady is a
living corpse the boys exchanged looks
of dismay lanchazuri asked what's a
living corpse
a living corpse is when an individual
has all the characteristics of a corpse
from head to toe but the person
themselves is still alive
important information
ginling was greatly alarmed you're
saying she's still alive
did you guys see the ins inside the room
just now wait was shane asked
yes
what did you see what was she doing
threading a needle did she succeed
no
that's right she didn't the muscles of
the dead are stiff so complicated
actions such as threading a needle are
impossible those aren't age spots on her
face but rather liver mortis and she
doesn't need to eat but she can still
breathe so she's alive
lanchaziri said but but this granny is
very old many old ladies have poor
eyesight and can't thread needles by
themselves
which is why i did it for her way roshan
said but did you guys notice something
else and the time between opening the
front door and now she hasn't blinked a
single time
the years themselves blinked
the living blink to prevent their eyes
from drying out but but the dead don't
need to do that way it was shan
explained and when i threaded the needle
did anyone notice how she looked at me
jingling answered she didn't move her
eyes it was her head that turned
that's it exactly way wishing said
usually when you look in the different
direction your eyes move at least a
little but the dead are not the same
since they can't manage minute actions
like moving their eyeballs they can only
move their whole head and neck
lanjingi was dazed
should we be taking notes
a good habit to have way wushan stated
we dipped out
but are we good
we dipped out but we should be good i
think my streaming software just had a
moment i don't think that was youtube's
fault
but we should be okay
now i've got green now
yeah yeah we're good
okay i'll go back a couple of paragraphs
let's see
yeah okay i'll start back right there
yeah we're good i just think it was
i just think it was obs
dipping out there for a second
but fortunately it can apparently come
back and not just end the stream
it was about to though which would have
made me angry
knowing me and technical difficulties
but anyway
let me get that in front of there
okay going back up a couple of
paragraphs
just in case
lan jazui said
but this granny's very old many old
ladies have poor eyesight and can't
thread needles by themselves
which is why i did it for her waywa shan
said but but did you guys notice
something else and the time between
opening the front door now she hasn't
blinked a single time
the years themselves blinked the living
bling to prevent their eyes from drying
out but the dead don't need to do that
way we shan explained and when i
threaded the needle did anyone notice
how she looked at me
jingling answered she didn't move her
eyes it was her head that turned
that's it exactly way roshan said
usually when you look in a different
direction your eyes move at least a
little but the dead are not the same
since they can't manage minute actions
like moving their eyeballs they can only
move their whole head and neck
lynching he was dazed should we be
taking notes
a good habit to have way wushan stated
but where will you find the time to flip
through your notes during a night hunt
use your brain memorize it
gently gritted his teeth walking corpses
are crazy enough why is there such a
thing as a living corpse because you
live in a batshit universe
alright if you got issues take it out
with mxtx
wait was shane answered living corpses
are rarely formed naturally they're
usually deliberately made like this one
is
deliberately
why
my question
the dead have
the dead have many shortcomings waywa
shan lectured there's a line of dialogue
stiff muscles slow movement and so on
but they have their advantages too they
don't fear pain can't think and are easy
to control
some people think those shortcomings can
be improved upon and that by doing so
they can construct the perfect puppet
that's where the concept of living
corpses comes from
well the boys didn't blurt it out their
faces were already boldly written with
an obvious sentiment that person
must be way wushan
we wish didn't know whether to laugh or
cry but i've never made such a thing he
thought although it did indeed sound
like his style
all right it was wei wushan who started
the trend but he successfully refined
wen ning that is the ghost general he
said
to be honest i always wondered who came
up with that nickname
it's so stupid anyway others tried to
mimic him but could only produce poor
imitations at best they ended up going
down a deviant path and set their eyes
on the living instead coming up with
living corpses like this he can he
concluded they're failed
replicas at the mention of way wooshan's
name jin ling's expression grew cold he
humped weighing was a deviant himself
yeah so those who make living corpses
are extra deviant way we share creed
mochimpe what should we do now
lanchazuri asked
some living corpses might not know
they're already dead waywu shan said oh
like a sixth sense situation
i see that old lady is one of those who
hasn't quite figured it out so it'll be
fine if we refrain from bothering her
for now
just then there was this there were
suddenly a series of crisp taps the
sound of bamboo hitting the ground it
sounded like it was just outside a
nearby window which was sealed by
blackboards
the faces of the clan juniors in the
central room turned pale having been
consistently harassed by the sound since
entering the city they'd begun panicking
upon hearing it
weiwo shan motioned for them not to make
a sound they held their breath that
watched as he stood next to the window
peering through an extremely thin crack
between the planks of the door
at first all he saw was white he thought
it was because the fog outside was too
thick leaving nothing visible but then
the white rapidly shrank away
it was a pair of savagely white eyes
currently glaring fiercely through the
crack in the door creepy
all the white he'd seen wasn't the
miasma but this pair of eyes which
completely lacked pupils
we love imagery
gentling and the others hearts were
pounding terrified he would suddenly be
struck by disaster and fall clutching
his eyes they heard way wuchen led on
let out an ah and their hearts jumped
into their throats their hair standing
on end what is it way roushan whispered
in the teeniest voice shh don't speak
i'm looking at it
jingling hushed his voice to be even
teenier than weir wushan's
then what do you see
what's out there
weird shannon neither moved his eyes nor
gave a direct answer
yeah amazing wow
his profile was filled with delight the
praise and awe he expressed seemed to
come sincerely from the bottom of his
heart and the clan junior's curiosity
rapidly overtook their nervousness
lancer zoo he couldn't help but ask mo
champe what's so amazing
ah it's so interesting keep it down
don't scare it away i'm not done looking
what he was saying shushed him
move i want to see zinling said me too
you really want to see this way wushan
asked
yeah
way washing slowly shuffled aside acting
incredibly reluctant
jin ling was the first to go over lining
himself up with the thin crack in the
wood he peeked out
night had fallen by now nights here
tended to be chilly but surprisingly the
evil miasma circulating in
ye city had dispersed quite a bit they
could now see at least a few dozen
meters of the street
jindling peered for a moment but didn't
see anything amazing or so interesting
a little disappointed he thought could i
have scared it away when i spoke just
now
just as he had that thought a scrawny
emaciated figure appeared in a flash
jingling felt shivers scrabble up to his
head and explode he almost screamed out
loud but for some reason the burst of
energy caught in his chest he forced it
down and stiffly maintained his bent
pose waiting for the numbing sensation
to pass
despite himself he stole a glance at way
we shan the despicable man was leaning
against the window boards with the
corner of his lips curled up
he wiggled his eyebrows at gentling and
smirked isn't it very interesting
jinding shot him a death glare knowing
full well he was messing with them on
purpose and replied through gritted
teeth
yeah
then his mind changed track and he
straightened up putting on an air of
disinterest
it's only so so it's barely interesting
he backed off to the side waiting for
the next fool with the two of them
taking turns at deception the rest had
their curiosity stoked as high as it
could go
lan shizui couldn't restrain himself he
went to stand in the same spot but just
as he placed his eyes to the crack he
let out a candid ah and jumped back his
face full of helpless fear
he spun around twice disoriented before
he found way we shan and lamented his
findings mochimbie outside there's uh
there's a
way we shouldn't replied understandingly
that right don't tell there'll be no
surprise once you tell let everyone go
see from this for themselves
as if anyone else dared go up dared to
go up after seeing the terrified state
atlanta zoo was in
what surprise scare you mean and thus
they all waved him off
no it's fine we're not looking
jin ling clicked his tongue tricking
people for fun at a time like this
that's
wha what were you thinking
weren't you in on it too where shan said
don't imitate your uncle's tone shizui
was that thing just now scary lynches
have been nodded and replied honestly
yes
scary is right way wishing said this is
a fantastic opportunity to further your
training you know why do ghosts scare
people
because when people are scared their
will falters and their primordial spirit
becomes agitated that's when it's
easiest to drain their yang energy so
creatures like ghosts are most fearful
of the brave since the brave are
fearless they can't do anything to them
or take advantage of them which is why
as clan juniors your first priority is
to strengthen your courage
lan jingy was glad he couldn't move and
therefore hadn't gone over to peep out
of curiosity
still he grumbled courage is innate some
people are born chickens what can you do
were you born knowing how to fly on a
sword wait roshan questioned didn't you
practice over and over until you got it
same logic get scared again and again
and you'll get used to it toilets stink
right they're gross right but trust me
if you lived in toilets for a month you
could even eat in there without issue
that is a vivid analogy way we've said
the boys were aghast at the thought and
refuted him and chorus no we don't
believe you
it's just an example way roushant said
all right i admit i've never lived in
toilets before so i don't know if you'd
actually be able to eat in there that
was an irresponsible remark but with
that thing out there you guys have to
try don't just look you have to examine
it scrutinize the details and as quickly
as you can use those details to unearth
any weakness it might be hiding remain
steady in the face of danger and find an
opportunity to strike back
okay i've lectured this long do you all
understand people don't often have the
chance to hear my lectures you know you
have to cherish this opportunity don't
back away now come over and form a line
take turns looking
do we have to of course what roshan said
i am
i am never one to joke around nor do i
play tricks on people let's start with
jingyi
jin ling and shizui have both had their
turns already
huh legend you protested i could be
excused right those who were poisoned
can't move that's what you said
wait washington directed stick out your
tongue ah nineteen incomplied once more
way wishing gave his blessing
congratulations you're cured of the
poison now bravely take your first step
come
this [__] man
lange bolt cured that fast you're lying
right
his protests were ineffective
and so he had to force himself to boldly
walk to the window
he looked then looked away looked and
looked away way was shannon knocked on
the wooden plank what are you scared of
i'm standing right here it won't dare
break through this board i'm not going
to eat your eyeball
managing you jumped away i'm done
then came the turn of the next person in
line each person gasped sharply when
they looked once everyone had taken
their turn weire wushan said all done
then why don't each of you share what
you saw let's summarize
jinling rushed to answer first white
eyes female very short very skinny okay
appearance she's holding a bamboo pole
lanterny thought for a moment and said
the girl's head reaches my chest her
clothing is ragged and not too clean
kind of like the garb of wandering
street urchins the bamboo pole seems to
be a cane used by the blind it's
possible those white eyes were not
formed after death but rather that she
was blind while alive
weiwu shan commented
jin ling saw a lot but shizui saw
details
jindling pursed his lips
another boy said the girl is about 15 or
16 years old she has a heart-shaped face
very delicate and pretty but there's a
sense of vitality in those fine features
she uses a wooden hairpin to pin up her
long hair the end of the pin is carved
with the head of a little fox she's
small yet slender
although unclean she's not repellently
filthy
if she was just given a chance to clean
up she'd definitely be cute a real
beauty we know where this kid's
priorities lie
when we shane heard this he instantly
felt the boys prospects were limitless i
mean they're they were also really good
details i mean let's be real
very good very good he praised
energetically
a detailed observation with a unique
focus our little friend will definitely
be a romantic in the future
the youth blush covered his face and
turned to face the wall ignoring his
companion's laughter oh no
another youth said it seems the sound of
bamboo hitting the ground was her
walking if she was already blind when
alive she'd still be unable to see after
turning into a phantom and death she has
to depend on that cane
yet another youth countered but that's
not right you've all seen blind people
before right since their sight is
hindered they walk and move very slowly
scared to bump into something but the
fandom outside the door is quick and
agile i've never seen such an agile
blind person
way rochan smiled
that's an excellent point very good
that's exactly how you should be
analyzing the situation don't overlook
any points of suspicion
now let's invite her in and clear up
those suspicions with answers
just as he said that he immediately tore
off one of the door planks not just the
boys inside the house but also the
phantom outside the window jumped in
surprise at the abrupt action she raised
her bamboo pole immediately on guard
way washen began by greeting the phantom
as you do
then he asked miss you've been following
them all this time do you have some
business with them
that girl widened her eyes if she were
alive she would have been absolutely
adorable but with those blank white eyes
exuding streams of blood the motion just
made her look doubly savage
someone inhaled sharply behind way we
shan
we were shannon asked what's there to be
scared of you'll see plenty of bleeding
from the seven apertures in the future
is two apertures already too much for
you that's why i'm telling you guys to
practice more
prior to this the girl had been
frightfully pacing in circles before
before the window hitting the ground
with her bamboo pole stomping glaring
and flailing her arms but now she
suddenly changed course gesturing like
she wanted to tell them something
jingling wondered
that's weird can she talk
the phantom girl paused mid action at
this and opened her mouth to show them
blood poured from her empty mouth it
seemed her tongue had been
yanked out at the root
the clan juniors were covered with
goosebumps but at the same time sympathy
bloomed in their hearts no wonder she
couldn't speak blind and mute how
unfortunate
oh all right
is she using sign language can anyone
understand why wishian asked
no one did the girl stomped her feet
impatiently and used her bamboo pole to
draw and scrape on the ground but she
obviously wasn't raised in a scholarly
family and didn't know her letters all
she'd drawn was a mess of little people
making it impossible for anyone to
decipher what she wanted to express
just then from the far end of the street
came the sound of frantic running and
someone panting the phantom girl
suddenly vanished but she would probably
come back on her own so way wuchan
wasn't concerned he swiftly stuck the
door plank back in place and continued
to spy on the outside
the other clan juniors also wanted to
see what was happening so they all
squished by the door a column of heads
stacked from top to bottom blocking the
crack in the door with their eyes
no that's so scooby-doo cute oh jesus
my god
protect them
the evil miasma had thinned out earlier
but now it was circulating again they
saw an unkempt figure break through the
white fog rushing their way this man was
dressed all in black and appeared to be
injured stumbling as he ran there was a
sword at his waist also wrapped in black
cloth
lensing he whispered is that a smoke
masked man
lanchizu whispered back it shouldn't be
the smoke masked man's form is
completely different from his there was
a group of walking corpses following
right behind the man moving extremely
fast they caught up to him in an instant
and the man drew his sword to meet them
his sword glare bright and clear as he
slashed through the miasma whey was
shannon cheered in his head nice strike
but once the sword made it sweep the
familiar odd spattering noise came again
blackish red powder spouted once more
from the severed limbs of the walking
corpses surrounded and with nowhere to
dodge the man could do nothing but stand
on the spot and be blasted with a face
full of powder
lanchizu was stricken by the sight he
whispered mo champion that man we uh
just then another group of walking
corpses shambled close outflanking the
man as his figure shrank into the crowd
another sweep of his sword and more
corpse toxin erupted into the air
he gasped and yet more of it seemed to
grow unsteady on his feet
we have to save him way washan said how
are you going to do that jingling
question you can't go over there right
now the air is lousy with corpse toxin
you'll get poisoned if you get close
after contemplating for a moment way
rochelle moved away from the window and
walked to the heart of the central room
the boy's eyes also consciously followed
him as he went they saw a group of paper
effigies of various appearances standing
quietly between the two giant floral
wreaths
weirshan passed by them slowly and
stopped in front of a pair of paper
ladies
the appearance of every paper effigy was
different but this pair seemed to have
been intended to be twin sisters their
makeup attire and facial features were
all cast from the same mold with
crescent eyes and smiles on their faces
one could almost hear their giggling
laughter hair quaffed in the double ring
style they were adorned with golden
bracelets red pearl earrings and
embroidered slippers fully suited to be
the maids of a great and wealthy
household
let's go with these two weiwoushan said
he lightly swapped his hand over one of
the youth's unsheathed swords using the
blood from the cut on his thumb he spun
around he spun around to dot the two
pairs of eyes with four eyeballs
he then took a step back and gave a
light smile
coy eyes and seductive wiles red lips
part to chase a smile ask not of good or
evil done with these final dots let the
warrior come
a gust of sinister wind blew from out of
nowhere abruptly engulfing the entire
store the boys unconsciously gripped
their swords
suddenly the pair of paper effigy twin
sisters jolted
in the next heartbeat there came the
sound of giggling laughter
drifting from those bright red painted
lips the final eyes summoning
it was as though the pair of paper
effigies had seen or heard something
extremely funny they giggled like
tremulous flowering bows
those eyes dotted with the blood of the
living rattled in their sockets as they
twirled about painting a picture that
was both extremely charming and
extremely horrifying
way roshan stood in front of them and
inclined his head shallowly giving them
a courteous nod
the pair of paper effigies reciprocated
with a deep bow showing him greater
courtesy
we wish han pointed to the door go bring
the living in obliterate everything else
sure laughter shrieked from the mouths
of the paper effigies a blast of
sinister wind rushed past and flung open
the two doors of the entrance
the two paper effigies left out shoulder
to shoulder and dove right into the mob
of walking corpses it was hard to
believe that fake humans so clearly made
of paper could possess such fierce and
destructive power
stepping with their fine embroidered
shoes and fluttering their airy sleeves
they slashed off a walking corpse
slashed off a walking corpse's arm with
one sweep and sliced a head in half with
another it was as if the paper sleeves
had transformed into sharp blades that
charming laughter echoed incessantly
down the long street rousing the mind
yet raising the hair oh a phrase a
phrase ladies and gentlemen rousing the
rousing the mind yet raising the hair
that was a good one
it wasn't long before a dozen walking
corpses had been sliced to mangled
pieces by the pair of effigies it was a
complete victory for the paper maids
obeying the command they were given they
picked up the weakened escapee and
carried him inside before jumping out
the door the door closed automatically
behind them and they quieted down and
stood one on either side watching the
entrance like guardian lions
the clan juniors inside the house were
gaping
in the past they had learned stories of
the deviant path from books
and from their seniors at the time they
couldn't understand if it was so wicked
why were there so many people who wish
to learn it why were there so many
imitators of the yeling patriarch
it was only now after seeing it with
their own eyes that they understood the
deviant path had its own enticing and
mysterious ways and this final eye
summoning was merely the tip of the
iceberg hoo boy
understatement
we are at page 56 by the way we're at
the top of page 56.
once most of the youths came around
there was surprisingly no revulsion on
their faces
instead they were filled with
unconcealable excitement they felt as
though they had gained immense insight
and a wealth of topics to discuss with
their fellow disciples when they
returned only jin ling still looked
upset
lan shizui went over to help way with
shane assist the man but weirshan said
stay back and be careful not to touch
the corpse toxin you might get poisoned
too if it catches on your skin
by the time the paper effigies had
carried the man inside he was already
drained of energy only half conscious
but now he was a little more alert he
coughed a few times but covered his
mouth seeming to be worried he'd infect
the others if he expelled corpse toxin
he asked quietly who are you all
his voice sounded extremely exhausted
and he had posed
the question not only because he didn't
know anyone inside this house
but also because he couldn't see
okay all right all right we're gonna
stretch we're gonna stretch for this one
yeah no we gotta limber up we gotta
limber up for this oh this is one of my
favorite things
just in all of e city arc so it's cool
it's fine
we're prepared we're ready we can do
this it's fine
okay
um
a thick white ribbon was wrapped around
the man's eyes he too was probably blind
and a very good-looking blind person at
that with a straight fine nose and thin
lips of muted red he could almost be
called delicately handsome
he also appeared very young between a
youth and an adult quite inspiring of
sympathy weiwu shan thought how come i
keep running into blind people recently
both alive and dead both in the words of
others and with my own two eyes
hey jin ling said suddenly we don't know
who this person is yet or whether he's
friend or foe so why are we saving him
so rashly
what if he's evil won't we have saved a
snake then
well he wasn't wrong it was a little
awkward to be so blunt in front of the
man himself
the man wasn't angry however and he
didn't seem concerned about getting
thrown out
he smiled revealing a pair of small
pointed canine teeth
the little young master is right it's
best if i leave
jin ling who had never expected that
response was taken aback for a moment at
a loss for words he finally settled on
humphing
lanchizu quickly spoke up to smooth
things over
but it's also possible that this
gentleman isn't malicious in any case
ignoring the dying would be against my
family's precepts
best boy
jindling remained obstinate
i mean
[Music]
the
encapsulate the whole yeah
fine you guys are the good guys don't
blame me if anyone croaks ranjingi began
angrily ew but before you could finish
his tongue tied itself
this was because he saw the sword the
man had placed on the table
half the black cloth wrapping this
wrapping the sword had slipped off
revealing its body the sword was
superbly forged a paragon of
craftsmanship the scabbard was bronze
carved with fretwork of frost-like
fractals
excellent alliteration there
the body of the sword could be seen
through that hollow pattern like silver
stars twinkling in snowflake-shaped
light it had a sort of ice pure and
resplendent beauty
oh
like silver stars twinkling in
snowflake-shaped light it had a sort of
ice pure and resplendent beauty
damn
len jingy's eyes bulged looking like he
was about to blurt something out way
washand didn't know what he planned on
screaming but since the man had used a
black cloth to cover his sword he must
not want anyone to see it
he also instinctively didn't want to
alert the man so he smothered lanjing's
mouth with a hand while placing his
index finger upon his own lips gesturing
to all the other shocked youths
to not say anything
jindling mouthed two words and reached
out and wrote said two words on the dust
covered table
pronunciation
his question soundlessly the sword
shanghai that belonged to
shaoxing chen
jin ling and the others all nodded their
conviction
while the youths had never seen shaoxing
chen in person shanghai was a rare
famous sword not only was its spiritual
power strong but its physical appearance
was also beautiful and unique once upon
a time it had been featured in countless
editions of the illustrated almanac of
spiritual swords and the atlas of
notable blades making it unforgettable
wait we shan't mold over this
information if the sword was shangha
and the man was blind
one of the boys had arrived at the same
conclusion and was read and was reaching
out to touch the bandage over the man's
eyes wanting to unravel it to see if his
eyes were still there
but his hand had only just touched the
bandage when the man seemed to be in
extreme pain he shifted back
imperceptibly apparently very scared of
others touching his eyes
the boy noticed his own impropriety and
quickly withdrew his hand i'm sorry i'm
sorry i i didn't mean to
the man raised his left hand which was
covered in a thin black glove and seemed
to want to cover his eyes even though he
was afraid to touch them himself
gentle contact already caused him
unbearable pain
a thin sheen of sweat had broken out on
his forehead he replied arduously
it's fine
still his voice quivered
such a display was surely enough to
deduce that this man was shashing chen
who had gone missing after the case of
the chain clan of yu-young
shashing-chen still hadn't realized his
identity had been seen through
after enduring the wave of pain he
fumbled to reach for shengha
wayward shan's hand moved as fast as his
eyes saw pulling up the black cloth that
it slipped off having felt shangha
shaoxing chen nodded
many thanks for rescuing me i will take
my leave
don't go yet you've got corpse poisoning
when we shan said is it serious
cheshin-chen asked
very way wushan replied
since it is serious then why stay
shashing chain said it is hopeless
regardless why not kill a few more
walking corpses before i turn
hearing he had no care for life or death
hot blood surged within the chests of
the boys in the house who said it's
hopeless len jingy blurted in spite of
himself stay he can cure you
wait roshan said curiously me sorry are
you talking about me
he really didn't have the heart to tell
the truth shaoxing chen had already
breathed in too much of the corpse toxin
his face was tinted a faint blackish red
he was poisoned too severely and
glutinous rice congee probably wouldn't
work anymore
i already killed plenty plenty of
walking corpses in this city shaoxing
chen said they've been following me more
will shortly and endlessly follow if i
stay you will all be overwhelmed by the
mob sooner or later does my lord know
why yesterday became this way wait
roshan asked joshington shook his head
no i'm merely a wandering ooh a
wandering
d-a-o-i
dow you know what i'm gonna call it dao
and i'm gonna have to look that one up
i'll
uh
if the wife is watching write that down
d-a-o-i
for some reason my mouth can't even
comprehend anything other than dao
i wandered here and entered the city for
a night hunt after learning of this
supernatural activity in the region
there are a great many living and
walking corpses in this city you have
yet to experience the brunt of it
some are agile and hard to defend
against while others expel corpse toxin
from their bodies after being cut down
the poison infects instantly upon
contact but if those corpses are not cut
down they tackle and bite with the end
result of poisoning you all the same
they are genuinely difficult to fight
judging by your voices there are many
little young masters among you am i
correct i urge everyone to leave this
place as soon as possible
just as he spoke they heard the sinister
giggling of the paper effigy sisters
outside the entrance
this time the sound of their laughter
was shriller than before
len jin yi leaned on the door to peek
through the crack then he swiftly used
his body to block the slit his eyes wide
and dumbfounded
so
so so many
walking corpses what was shannon asked
how many is many
i don't know langjing gigs exclaimed the
entire street is full of them maybe a
few hundred and that number's growing i
don't think those two paper refugees can
hold out for much longer
if the door guarding effigies fell all
the corpses walking the street would
swarm into the shop
cut them down and poisoning would be
imminent in fact the more vigorous the
slaughter the faster the poison would
circulate don't cut them down and
inevitably torn apart or bitten to death
sword in hand shaoxing clearly planned
on pushing through the door to go out
probably hoping to fend off as many
waves of those cadavers as he could with
what strength remained in him but his
face suddenly turned purplish red and he
fell backward onto the ground
just sit tight wait roshan said this
will be resolved in a jiffy
once more he casually swept the index
finger of his right hand over the blade
of lantern jingy's sword blood dripped
are you going to use the finalized
summoning again lanjing he asked how
much blood would it take you to dot the
eyes of every single effigy how about i
lend you some of mine
other boys immediately rolled up their
sleeves me too
babies
we were shane was caught between
laughter and tears no need do you have
any blank talismans
these juniors were still young not
trained enough to be able to draw
talismans on the spot for immediate use
all the talismans they had on them were
pre-drawn
lanterns took his head no a pre-drawn
one is fine too way roshan said then
shizuri retrieved a stack of yellow
talismans from his chenkin pouch we shan
took only one sheet glanced at it and
then pressed the index and middle
fingers of his right hand together as
his hand powerfully glided over the
cinnabar paint from top to bottom
the vibrant red blood in the scarlet
cinnabar formed a brand new set of
symbols
he flicked his wrist and the red marked
yellow talisman ignited midair weiwu
shan reached out with his left hand and
caught the ashes drifting from the
burning paper he clenched his fingers
and looked slightly downward as he
opened his palm he gently blew the black
ashes toward the row of paper effigies
he murmured wildfires cannot destroy for
life shall rise again in the spring
breeze
the talisman ash stormed and whirled
there's a footnote here
oh it just says where the wildfires
cannot destroy quote was from
a yin muscle man standing at the
forefront picked up a machete that was
next to his feet and slung it over his
shoulder
beside him was a sumptuously dressed
paper beauty with her hair styled in a
high loose bun
she slowly raised her right hand nimbly
flexing her long and slender fingers she
appeared to be a languid noble woman
haughtily admiring her long nails which
were painted blood red
next to the beauty's feet stood a golden
boy and a jade maiden the golden boy
yanked mischievously on the jade
maiden's braid and the jade maiden stuck
out her tongue at him in response
a long tongue almost 30 centimeters in
length abruptly slipped out of her small
mouth and poked a giant hole in the
boy's chest like a venomous snake before
it was swiftly withdrawn with one
vicious movement
the golden boy opened his mouth wide
revealing two chilling rows of white
teeth and bit on and bit her on the arm
just like that the paper effigy children
started fighting each other first
20 to 30 paper effigies started wobbling
one after the other like they were
working their joints whispering to each
other as they shook while the sound of
rustling undulated everywhere they were
not alive no they were far superior to
the living
hold your breath way wushan instructed
then he sidestepped to make way to the
entrance he bowed slightly and made a
gesture of invitation the wooden doors
swung violently open once more the sweet
smell of corpse toxin gushed in and
everyone immediately covered their
mouths raising their sleeves in defense
the yin muscle men let out a loud roar
and lunged first before the rest of the
paper effigies filed out
the wooden door closed anew behind the
last paper effigy no one breathed any of
that in right way wishing asked the room
everyone quickly replied no
way wishing helped shashington to his
feet he'd thought to find a place for
the man to lie down but shockingly no
such space could be found leaving him no
choice but to sit on the frigid dusty
ground
shashington was still tightly gripping
his sword xianghua
it was only with a strenuous effort that
he roused himself from his
half-conscious state
he coughed a few times his voice fueble
sir that was
the final eyes summoning
my knowledge is rough at best webishen
replied you know
like a liar
shashing chen pondered for a moment then
smiled hmm that was indeed the best way
to obliterate those walking corpses
he paused then added however cultivators
who walk this path can easily find
themselves facing mutiny from
subordinate malicious ghosts and
belligerent spirits
not even the founding father of this
path the healing patriarch way we shan
could escape that fate this is just my
personal suggestion but if my lord is
not his match then do be more careful in
the future best not to use that magic
unless absolutely necessary try
cultivating another path
way we transcide inwardly
thank you for your excitation
most acclaimed cultivators made their
stance on the matter very clear drawing
lines in the sand to advertise their
profound hatred for a certain someone
however the fact that this dear martial
uncle of his would still advise him so
diplomatically
reminding him to watch out for mutiny
even while he was half dead himself it
only spoke to how exceedingly gentle he
was how kind and soft-hearted
looking at the thick layer of bandages
over shaoxing chen's eyes and
remembering what the man had gone
through wei wushan couldn't help but
sigh regretfully
young juniors with scant worldly
experience were usually too fascinated
by the demonic path to regard it with
contempt so other than jin ling who
looked very upset the entire time the
other juniors were all crammed around
the crack in the door to watch the
spectacle unfold
help that effigy woman's nails are so
scary one slash leaves five gashes
why is that little girl's tongue so long
and so hard is she a hanged ghost
that guy's so strong i can't believe he
can pick up so many walking corpses at
once he's gonna slam them down look look
look he's done it they're all smashed
after we've been pulled aside by
shashing chen for a round of gentle
counsel we rush and grab the last bowl
of glutinous rice congee on the table
your poisoning is severe i have
something here that might be able to
give you a slight reprieve but it also
might not and it tastes quite awful do
you want to give it a try if you no
longer wish to live don't worry about it
you know
shaoxing chen took the bowl with two
hands of course i want to live if i may
live on then allow me to persist
however when he lowered his head and
partook the corner of his lips started
to twitch
it was only by firmly pursing his mouth
and he managed to not bring it right
back up
it was a good while before he very
politely uttered thank you
wayushan turned his head you guys see
that you see that you hear what he said
you're the ones being delicate and
difficult all those complaints while
eating the kanji i slaved over
did you slave over anything jingling
accused
besides dumping a bunch of strange
things into a pod what else did you
accomplish
shashin chen said however upon further
consideration if i must eat this every
day then i choose death
wow
jin ling burst into mocking laughter
without a shred of mercy and not even
lantuzu he was able to contain himself
letting out of
the way we shannon looked at them
speechless and lancia immediately
schooled himself
right then lan jingy exclaimed happily
all right they're all dead we've won
xiaoxingten quickly put down the bowl
do not open the door yet be careful
there might be more don't put down the
bowl way wushan said pick it up and
finish the kanji
he approached the wooden door to look
out through the crack after the inhuman
slaughter the street was permeated with
thin white fog and purplish red powder
the corpse toxin was gradually
dissipating and the paper effigies
patrolled leisurely up and down the
street
pieces of the walking corpses were
strewn all over the ground and when they
came across bits that still twitched the
effigies would viciously stomp down
until those chunks were rendered into
nothing more than puddles
of blood and flesh
beyond that everything was still in
quiet no new walking corpses had rushed
onto the scene yet
just as waywu shan was about to relax
there was a very very light movement
just above his head
the sound was almost impossible to count
catch it was as though someone was
darting past on the roof tiles with the
speed of a bird their steps unusually
light and agile nearly silent
were it not for wei wuchan's sharp
senses he wouldn't have caught the
minute sound of impact between the tiles
the movement couldn't deceive the blind
either xiao xin chen alerted above way
we shen barked spread out
just as he spoke the ceiling over the
central room tore open broken tiles
accumulated dust and scattered straw
plunged down like rain the boys had
quickly dispersed so thankfully no one
was hurt
a black shadow jumped down through the
gaping hole in the ceiling
this man was dressed in a set of black
taoist robes he was tall and his posture
was straight as a pine tree a taoist
whisk was tucked behind his back and he
wielded a long sword in hand he was
coolly handsome in appearance and with
his head slightly tilted up just so he
emanated a hottie and a loofe demeanor
but his eyes had no pupils they were
pure deathly white
a fierce corpse
everyone present had only just managed
to realize that fact when he lunged
brandishing his sword he was aiming for
jin ling the one closest to him jindling
drew his sword to perry but the force
behind the strike was immense and the
impact numbed his arm if not for the
extraordinary spiritual power of his own
sword
he would probably have been struck dead
his attack unsuccessful the black-clad
fierce corpse swung again
moving as closely
moving as smoothly and brutally as a
flowing curtain current as if his hatred
was as profound as the sea
oh damn
he aimed for jin ling's arm and in that
moment of danger shashington drew his
sword and helped jindling block his
attack
doing so must have caused the poisoning
to surge for he collapsed at last
unmoving
lending he was horrified is he dead or
alive i've never seen such a
fierce corpse with such agility and such
such expertise with the sword
but he trailed off because he suddenly
remembered that yes he had
because of course the ghost general was
the same
way wishing's eyes had been firmly glued
to this taoist his mind churning rapidly
he pulled out the bamboo fleet tucked at
his waist and played a long shrill note
so piercing that everyone else covered
their ears when the taoist heard the
sound of the flute his body lurched
although the hand gripping the sword
shook tremendously in the end he still
lunged
he could not be controlled that meant
this fierce corpse had a master
wedwichen dodged the lightning fast
attack leisurely playing another tune as
he sidestepped
that's
a hot image i'm fine
soon the paper effigies patrolling
outside leapt onto the roof and jumped
into the gaping hole noticing the
movement the fierce taoist corpse swung
his sword back in two quick slashes two
paper effigies were cut into four pieces
top to bottom he drew his whisk with his
left hand and it was as if thousands of
those soft white threads had suddenly
transformed into metal whips and
poisonous thorns a simple swing would
burst skulls and sever limbs an
accidental brush would turn a bystander
into a sieve pouring blood like water
though his hands were full away roshan
called out don't come over here stay in
your corner then he continued issuing
commands the music of the flute
whimsical and flighty and marked by
ferocious chords although the fierce
taoist was fighting with both hands
endless paper effigies jumped down from
the above surrounding
and attacking him
if he struck there there'd be more
if he struck here there'd be more there
kill the one in front and more would
come from the back his strength alone
was inadequate
suddenly a yin muscle man dropped from
above and grappled him stomping down on
his shoulder and pushing him to the
ground three more yin muscle men
followed right after leaping down
through the hole to pile onto him one
after the other
legends told of the extraordinary
strength of unmuscle men so their
crafters usually added extra weight to
the effigies when crafting them
when wild ghosts were summoned to
possess these bodies each and every one
became heftier than the next having one
slam into you was already much like
having a mountain bear down on your head
with four at once it was amazing the
taoist robed
fierce corpse didn't puke his innards
out at the impact
he was complete he was pinned completely
in place unable to move a muscle
waywa shen walked over observing a
section of damaged clothing on his back
when he flattened the tear to examine
further a thin narrow gash could be seen
by the corpse's left shoulder blade
flip him over where we shan ordered the
fortian musclemen flipped the taoist
over to face the ceiling making it
easier for him to examine the man
we wishing reached out with the fingers
he'd cut earlier and smeared them over
the lips of each of the four paper
effigies as reward the yin muscle men
stuck out their red paper tongues and
cherished the blood with slow licks
seemingly savoring the delicacy
only then did weire shan look down to
continue his inspection the area near
the taoist heart seemed to have
sustained the same damage as his back
the same terror the same narrow gash it
was as if he had died from being stabbed
through the heart
the fierce corpse had been struggling
all the while a continuous low growl
emitting from his throat
jet black blood trickled from the
corners of his mouth
way washen squeezed his cheeks forcing
him to open his mouth and looked inside
it seemed the man's tongue had also been
pulled out at the root
oh something about that phrasing
really visceral
tangible phrasing there
blind pulled tongue blind pulled ton why
were these two characteristics appearing
so frequently
way we shan examined the man for a while
coming to the conclusion that this
fierce corpse resembled one ning when he
was controlled by those long black nails
having formed this theory he reached out
groping near the corpse's temples and
actually managed to find two small metal
nubs these black nails were made to
control high-level fierce corpses
causing them to lose their mind and
their ability to think way wishing
didn't know this corpse's identity or
character so he couldn't recklessly pull
the nails out he must be properly
interrogated way wishing thought
but since his tongue was already gone
this fierce corpse wouldn't be able to
speak even if he had his senses returned
to him
he asked the juniors who among you have
studied inquiry
lanchizuri raised his hands me i have
because i'm the best boy
did you bring your gucci
way roshan asked yes lance suzuki asked
answered he immediately retrieved your
chin simple but lustrous in color from
his chenkyun pouch we wish i had noticed
that your chance seemed brand new how's
yugachin language have you used it in a
practical setting like this will the
invited spirits lie
lang jing yi cut in hang won jun said
shizu's gucci language is acceptable
if lan wong ji had said acceptable then
it must be acceptable god damn right
ain't no standards like wang ji's
standards you know what i'm saying
he wouldn't have exaggerated nor played
it down way wushan relaxed
lane shizuri said hengwindjin told me to
practice quality not quantity oh god
yeah i know that's that's energy
the inviting spirits can choose not to
respond but they definitely cannot lie
so whatever they answer will be the
truth
let's start then way wishing said
the guccian was placed on the ground
above the taoist's head lan shizui sat
down the hems of his robes spreading
neatly out around him he tried two notes
and then nodded first question ask who
he is way wishing said lan jazui thought
for a moment then mouthed the
incantation to himself before daring to
pluck out the first verse
a good moment later the strings vibrated
and two notes blasted forth like bedrock
splitting
lan shizui widened his eyes
lynching he urged what did he say
songland blanchezo he said
the best friend
and fellow cultivator of shaoxing chen
song len
everyone turned to look at the
unconscious shaoxing chen on the ground
lance doing murmured i wonder if he
knows this is sung man
jingling also huster's voice
probably not he's blind and songland is
mute not to mention he's become a
mindless fierce corpse so
best if he doesn't
weirshan said second question
ask who killed him
lan shizui played a verse seriously this
time the silence lasted three times
longer than before
just when they thought songman's soul
wasn't willing to answer the question
the strings trembled and three notes
resounded with profound pain
impossible lan shizui blurted
what did he say way wushan asked
lanchizuri was incredulous
he said
xiao xing chen
the one who killed song lan was xiao
xing chen
they had only asked two questions who
could have imagined each answer would be
more shocking than the last
jin ling was dubious you played wrong
right
manchester replied
who art thou and who killed thee are the
easiest and most frequently asked
questions during a session of inquiry
though the first and second verse is
everyone who studies inquiry learns i
practiced them at least a thousand times
and i checked repeatedly before playing
them i most certainly did not make a
mistake go off best boy
well either your inquiry was played
wrong or you've misunderstood the gucci
language jingling determined adamant
lan shizui shook his head if the notes
were not wrong misinterpretation is even
more impossible xiao xin chen is an
uncommon or name rarely heard from
invited spirits if he had answered with
a different name and i misinterpret it
there's no way it would just so happen
to be this name
lan jingyi mumble songlan went to find
the missing shaoxing chen but shaoxing
chen killed him why would he kill his
best friend
he doesn't seem the type to do that
don't worry about all that for now
wayward shan said shizui asked the third
question who is controlling him
landry to his face was serious
and he didn't dare breathe too hard as
he played the third verse many eyes were
glued to the strings waiting for
songland's answer
then they heard lan shizui interpret
their response one word at a time
the one
behind you
we're taking a second to absorb
oh
see this is why we stretched first
oh [__]
everyone's heads shot up
shaoxing chen who had been lying on the
ground unconscious was now sitting up
with one hand propping up his cheek as
he smiled at them
he raised his black loved left hand and
snapped his fingers
oh oh that's the end of part two okay so
we're coming up on part three
we are at
the top of 72 part three of chapter
eight
holy [__]
that was so good
that's
that's that's an example of a of a
section cliffhanger be it a chapter or a
scene or what have you that's called a
cliffhanger
ladies and gentlemen that that is a
yes thank you
haven't seen any art in a while though
when's the next art
uh
in about
16 pages we got the next oh oh [__]
i don't want to know the context of that
i got a glimpse of the art
oh man no that's so good
wait you vote for making me read what
what am i reading
i hope somebody can brittany read this
to us as well we can see
really feel good feel good chunk shall
fix you know
you know
you know i think i would do that if i
ever found if i ever found like
a favorite
fic
or any fix that i find
that i really love in the untamed
i
i believe i would yeah
i would totally read them aloud like
this that sounds like something i'd be
down for i have to go on my you know
great untamed fake journey though
i still haven't done that yet because
i'm a terrible and frustrating fangirl
and i don't it takes a long time before
i actually go looking
for fick
for something that i love
i don't know why i'm like this
i really don't
i mean that's why i all the fandoms i
turn up in are usually dead fandoms
because by the time i come around
to uh all the
you know
fix and fan vids and all the stuff
it's been like years and nobody gives a
[__] anymore
i don't know why i'm like this
whoo
okay all right
part three top of 72.
um
stella i have a uh um
in about half an hour when we wrap up
this live stream i'll drop the uh
untamed google doc
that is just a place for everybody to
dump all their recommendations and there
is a substantial
section for fanfic
um so like ctrl f and see if the ones
that you would recommend are already in
there and if they're not
drop that mother
in alrighty
part three
that crisp sound went right to the ears
of song land who was on the ground it
was as if the sound had exploded in his
skull
he suddenly seized the four yen muscle
man who held him down and sent him
flying
he leapt to his feet brandishing his
long sword and whisked once more and
sliced and diced the four yin muscle men
shredding them into multi-colored paper
scraps
his long sword was pointed at way we
shan while his whisk was aimed
threateningly at the clan juniors
the tables had suddenly turned here in
this small shop
oh
the turntables
no idea you got no idea
jindling put his hand on his sword we
shan saw from the corner of his eye and
quickly said don't move don't add to the
problem
when it comes to swordplay everyone here
combined will not be
will still not be a match for this song
land
this body of his was weak in spiritual
power and his sword wasn't around
besides there was also xiaoxing next to
them to contend with his motives unclear
and whether he was friend or fro wholly
unknown
shaoxing chen said the adults are
talking why don't you kids go out oh oh
you notice you noticed that character
change that dialogue change
right down to the [__] dialogue
something different
something totally different that is
called distinct character voice
i'm fine
he made a hand gesture at songland who
obeyed silently moving to heard the clan
juniors out we roshan said to the boys
go on you guys can't help here anyway
the corpse toxin outside should have
settled by now so don't go running
around and stirring it up again slow
your breathing
when jin ling heard you guys can't help
here anyway he was both indignant and
frustrated refusing to give up without a
fight but at the same time he knew he
was powerless so he petulantly stormed
out first
lancashire was hesitant to leave looking
as if he had something to say wade
roshan said
shizuri
you're the most sensible here take the
lead and guide them can you do that
leaving my boy in charge
lance is really nodded and way wishing
at it don't be scared
i'm not scared manchester u said
really
with that lanchizu laughed surprisingly
chambe you and hang won june are so
alike
way wishing was amazed
a like how
they were clearly two drastically
different people manchester did not
answer but only smiled and exited taking
the rest of the boys with him
[Music]
i live for my son
i don't know either lanchazuri quietly
thought to himself but they feel very
similar
it feels like there's no need to be
scared of anything if either one of them
is around
no no
we're having family feelings in this
chili's tonight
okay
yeah
all right
that was mean that was mean we're in the
middle of all kinds of
compelling plotty
twisty things and you had to go and just
clobber me
with that
fine fine mxtx i see you
shashing chen fished a little red pill
out of nowhere and swallowed it
such a moving display
once he ate the pill the purplish red
color of his face faded rapidly
raeushan asked corpse talks an antidote
yes shaoxing chen replied much more
effective than that terrifying kanji of
yours right
and it's sweet too
i care about this a normal amount
really quite the performance sir way
shan complimented from the brave charge
against the corpses that exhausted you
so terribly to blocking the blow meant
for jin ling and losing consciousness
was not all an act for us
shaoxing chen wagged a finger it wasn't
an act for you plural it was for your
eyes only
very pleased to meet you yelling
patriarch you are even more formidable
than they say
weive shannon didn't react to this his
face remaining neutral
shaoxing
let me guess
you still haven't told anyone who you
really are correct that's why i didn't
even expose you i told them to go out so
we can talk privately behind closed
doors what do you think aren't i
considerate
okay
you're the one commanding all the
walking corpses in you city they were
sharing questions of course
xiao xingchin replied the moment you
entered and blew that whistle i sensed
something strange about you which is why
i decided to come out personally to test
you
as i suspected a low level spell like
the finalized summoning could only have
such power if it was cast by the founder
they were both cultivators of the
demonic path so neither could deceive
the eyes of appear wait washan asked so
what exactly did you want from me
holding a bunch of kids hostage
shaoxing chen chuckled
i just want to ask chen bae for a favor
a small favor
what a massive hierarchy for his
mother's younger martial arts brother to
defer to wei wushan as his senior
weibu shane was just laughing at this to
himself when he saw shaoxing take out a
spirit trapping pouch
and place it on the table
please
wait washan set his hand on the spirit
trapping pouch feeling it like he was
checking for a pulse
a moment later he asked whose soul is
this
it's so shattered that not even glue
could piece it back together
it's only got a single breath left in it
if this soul were easily glued back
together
why would i ask you for help shaoxing
chen said
way wushan withdrew his hand you want me
to restore this
excuse my bluntness but the scant bit of
soul in here is just not enough
besides this person must have been
immensely tormented while they were
alive subject to excruciating pain
they likely killed themselves and don't
want to return to this world
if a soul has no desire to remain
it's most likely unsalvageable
if i'm not wrong this remaining fragment
of soul was forcibly
pieced together and once it leaves the
spirit trapping pouch it could dissipate
at any time
i'm sure you're well aware of this
i'm not and i don't care shaoxing chin
said you have to help whether you like
it or not don't forget jambe
those kids you brought here are all
watching pitifully outside the door
waiting for you to lead them out of
danger
his tone was quite peculiar
it sounded almost affectionate a little
sweet even but it carried an unwarranted
maliciousness it was almost as if he
could happily call someone brother and
chambe one second then turn hostile and
kill them the next
way we shan chuckled too
you are also more formidable than they
say sir
shoe young you're a perfectly fine thug
so why masquerade as a cultivator
it's like watching [__]
batman and the joker go at it you know
what i mean
this is the good [__]
oh
there was a pause then
xiao xing chen raised his hands and
removed the bandage over his eyes
as layers of bandages fell they revealed
a pair of shining eyes as bright as
stars
a pair of perfectly intact eyes
it was a young and pleasing face
he could be called handsome but when he
smiled it revealed a pair of canine
teeth making him simply adorable instead
that air of childlike innocence masked
the mayhem and ruthlessness concealed
behind his eyes
shu young tossed the bandage aside oops
you found out
we wish enlisted his observations
pretending to be in such frightful pain
that no one with a conscience would be
so impolite as to remove your bandage to
inspect
purposefully showing purposely showing a
bit of shangha purposely letting slip
you're a wandering taoist not only do
you know how to employ the trick of
self-inflicted injury to gain the
enemy's trust but you know how to
manipulate other people's sympathy too
what a fantastic show such cool and
refined attachment an excellent display
of stern righteousness if it weren't for
the fact that there was too much you
shouldn't have known and too much you
shouldn't have been able to do i really
would have believed you were shouting
chen
moreover during inquiry songland's
answers to the last two questions had
been xiao xingchen and the one behind
you if the one behind you was also
shaoxing chen there was no reason for
song lon to change his wording
unless shaoxing chen and the one behind
you were never the same person in the
first place
song man wanted to warn them that this
man was very dangerous but he was afraid
they wouldn't know who xiu young was if
he said that name so he had no other
choice
shu young grinned happily
it's his fault for having such a good
rep mine's terrible of course i've got
to pretend to be him if i want to gain
other's trust
what expert acting way wushan said
you flatter me xin young replied
i have a famous friend you see he's the
expert actor i'm nowhere near his level
all right enough chatter way chande you
have to help me with this
you made the long black nails
controlling song and wit seong lan and
wen ning right way washan asked if you
can restore half of the in tiger tally
why ask me for help in repairing a mere
soul
it's not the same shu young said you're
the founder if you didn't forge the
first half of the end tiger tally
there's no way i could have made the
second half of course you're better than
me which means you must be able to do
everything i can't
way wishing really couldn't understand
why people he didn't know always possess
such baffling confidence in his
abilities
he stroked his chin not sure whether he
should reciprocate this flattery among
peers
you're too modest
it's not modesty it's the truth xu young
said i never exaggerate if i say i'm
going to kill someone's entire family i
mean it i won't even spray the dog
the chang clan of you young for example
way roshan said
before shuyong could respond the doors
suddenly burst open and a black shadow
darted in wavy shannon and shu young
both backed away from the square table
at the same time shu young snatching up
the spirit trapping pouch as he went
song that sung man lightly vaulted off
the table with the hand flipped in the
air and landed atop the table letting it
absorb the force of his landing he then
immediately looked to the doorway black
veins crawling up his cheeks
whitning his body weighed down with
chains crashed heavily through the door
with him came a gust of white fog and
black wind wavy shan had sent out a
summons for wen ning with the verses
he'd played on his flute earlier now he
instructed him go fight outside don't
smash him to bits keep the living safe
and don't let other walking corpses near
winning raised his left hand swinging a
chain at song lan who drew his whisk to
perry the two weapons clashed tangling
together wending retreated dragging the
chain with him and song land didn't let
go so he was dragged out as well
the clan juniors had already hidden away
in another nearby shop watching
unblinkingly with outstretched necks a
whisk facing iron chains facing a long
sword clean clank cling clank sparks
were flying everywhere the only thought
in their minds was that the showdown
between these two fierce corpses was
truly incomparably ferocious
every move was brutal every punch
battered flesh only fierce corpses could
brawl like this
if these were two live humans there
would surely have been severed limbs or
bashed out brains by now
guess who's gonna win xiu young asked
is there a need to guess it'll be
wedding for sure wait roshan replied
i can't exactly pinpoint why right now
it would probably require an essay but
that just that little exchange right
there
is such a clear example
of
them being foils
such good foils for each other
i don't know why having something in
common behavior or comments
it just is it just is
it's too bad he refused to be obedient
despite my hammering so many skull
piercing nails into him it really is
inconvenient when things prove to be too
loyal
way wushan blandly noted wending is no
thing
shuyong burst out laughing you know what
you said has a double meaning
when he reached the word has he suddenly
drew his sword and lunged
way washing dodge do you always ambush
people like this halfway through talking
sure young appeared surprised
of course i'm a thug you know this it's
not like i want to kill you either i
just want to immobilize you and drag you
back with me and then you can take the
time you need to help me restore the
soul
i already said there's nothing i can do
weiwu shan said
come on don't be so quick to reject me
shu young said if you're stumped the two
of us can put our heads together
he attacked again mid-sentence weiwu
shan dodged and evaded the attack
stepping over ground covered with paper
effigy shreds and thought this little
thug his form really isn't too bad
seeing xu young's sword swinging with
increasing speed aiming for
progressively more artful and sinister
targets he couldn't help but say
are you taking advantage of the fact
that this body of mine is weak in
spiritual power yeah sure you're
unadmitted happily
i [__] love this so much oh my god
this whole ass sequence man
holy [__]
way wuchan had finally met someone even
more shameless than him foil
he tittered right back when they say you
should offend a good man rather than
offend a thug they're talking about
people like you i'm not fighting you
find someone else
shoe young said with a gleeful grin find
who that hang one june i got over 300
walking corpse corpses down flank him he
before he finished a streak of white
descended from the sky and the icy cold
clear blue light of beach and came
striking at him mother [__] this is
what a book is okay
damn i'm too excited i'm too excited i
lost my place
there we go like an enveloping blanket
of frost like an enveloping
blanket of frost lan wong ji
shielded wei wushan that's a sentence
write it the [__] down put it on my wall
oh
[__]
okay i'm fine i'm calm
shu young flung out chonghua to help him
block beach and strike the two famous
swords clashed then each flew back to
the hands of their owners
better to arrive in the nick of time
than to arrive early huh way roshan said
as soon as lan wong ji replied he
continued crossing swords with shu young
while shuyong had been chasing wei
wushan all over the shop earlier he was
now being beaten back again and again by
lan wong ji
seeing the situation turning against him
an idea came to shuyong and his lips
curled he suddenly switched chonghua to
his left hand and thrust the right
inside his chin kin sleeve we wish him
tensed thinking he might hurl some kind
of powdered toxin at them or draw a
secret weapon but what he shook and
instead was a long sword
shoe young attacked them again
seamlessly dual wielding both blades
the long sword he pulled from his sleeve
had an eerie gloomy glare when swung
intermitted strands of black chi
making a stark contrast against the cool
bright silver of changhua
shuyong lunged with both swords the left
and right flowing in perfect harmony and
his assault was immediately intensified
jingji
len one she thought aloud huh zenua
knows this sword what an honor shu yang
said feigning shock
i love him so much zhengchai meaning to
call forth disaster with shuyong's own
sword true to both its name and its
master it was an ominous sword that
called forth death and destruction
way washand interrupted to comment well
isn't that name just a perfect match for
you
stand back landmines you said you are
not needed here
way wushan humbly took his advice and
backed off he backed all the way to the
entrance and took a peek outside
wending was in the middle of stoically
strangling songlan lifting the man by
his neck and slamming him into the wall
creating a giant man-shaped hole in the
process
song lan also expressionless seized
wending's wrist and flipped him over
crashing him into the ground loud
incessant bangs and booms accompanied
the battle between the tunes sto between
the two stone-faced fierce corpses
neither side could feel pain nor were
they afraid of injuries unless they were
cut to pieces they could keep fighting
no matter how many limbs they broke
there doesn't seem to be a need for me
here either when she mumbled to himself
suddenly he noticed lanzini waving
wildly
waving wildly at him from inside the
pitch black shop across the street ha
they must need me there at least
he had just left when vichen's glare
grew by magnitudes in a split second shi
young's hand slipped and schwang had
dropped from his grip len wang ji took
the chance and caught the sword seeing
chung hua had fallen into the hands of
another zheng jai struck straight for
the arm lan wong ji had used to take it
the strike was unsuccessful and a
chilling fury flashed in shuyong's eyes
he bit out darkly give me the sword
you
are unworthy of it
len wong ji stated
shu young sneered
wei wushan walked over to where the clan
juniors were and was immediately
surrounded by the group of boys he asked
aloud everyone okay
yes
we all listened and held our breath good
way roshan said
if any of you don't listen then i'll
make more glutinous rice kanji for the
culprits to eat
the few who'd already experienced the
taste nearly wretched
just then footsteps sounded all around
them silhouettes began to come into view
at the end of the long street
lenwang ji also heard the sound with the
wave of his sleeve he flipped out his
gucci
wong ji and slammed it down flat on the
table he tossed beechan into his left
hand and continued to fight shu young
the will of the sword undiminished even
while keeping up the assault he raised
his right hand and swept his fingers
over the strings get you a man who can
do both
the strings strummed resounding far down
to the ends of the street what echoed
back was the strange yet familiar noise
of the walking corpses heads exploding
len wang ji continued to parry shu young
with one hand while playing the goo chin
with the other
he swept a cool look around unflustered
and composed as he plucked at the
strings striking simultaneously with
both left hand and right
in spite of himself jin ling blurted out
awesome boy i'm with you
he'd sing
jung and jingling yeah cut down yao bees
during night hunts and believed his two
uncles were the strongest of all the
distinguished cultivators in the world
he had always been more scared than
reverend of lan wong ji afraid his
silencing spell afraid of his silencing
spell in cold temple temper
but at this moment
he couldn't help but feel great
admiration for the man's bearing
lynching he was pleased
aha of course hang one june is awesome
he just doesn't like to flaunt it
everywhere he's super low profile am i
right
the am i right was directed at way with
shan who was perplexed why ask me what's
what's what's that got to do with me
lan juni genie grew upset you don't
think hang on june is awesome
wait was she instructor's chin yeah yes
awesome of course super amazing the most
formidable as he spoke he couldn't help
but laugh as well
this hair raising night of peril was
about to pass day was about to break
however that wasn't good news
the morning's light meant the evil
miasma would thicken and when that
happened moving around would become
quite difficult again
it wouldn't be so bad if it were only
way with shannon lenwongji but with this
many live humans escape would be
difficult once they were surrounded by a
large number of walking corpses even if
they sprouted wings
just when haywichean's mind was spinning
trying to devise a plan the crisp sound
of a bamboo pole hitting the ground came
again
the blind tongueless phantom girl had
come again
way way shan made the decision right
then and there go
go where lan jingy asked follow the
sound of the bamboo pole waywa shan said
jingling was slightly shocked you want
us to follow a phantom who knows where
she'll take us
that's all right follow her wait waishan
repeated that sound has been following
you ever since you entered the city
correct you were heading into the city
center but were being led back to the
city gates when you ran into us she was
trying to drive you out she was trying
to save you
the strange mysterious sound of the
bamboo pole sometimes distant sometimes
close was her way of scaring the living
who entered the city but the intent to
scare wasn't necessarily malicious the
paper he and muscle men
had
the paper ian muscle man had when
wushan's foot had caught back had caught
back then
might have also been something she'd
thrown there to warn and frighten them
we were shannon added and last night she
was clearly trying to tell us something
urgent she just couldn't express it but
the moment shuyong arrived she vanished
she was most likely hiding from him
either way they're definitely not
working together
shuyong why is there a shoe young too
wasn't it chashing chen and song lan
uh i'll explain later long story short
the one fighting with hong kong june in
there isn't shashing chen it's you young
impersonating him
the bamboo pole was still beating the
ground making that data sound as if
waiting as of urging
if they followed her they might walk
into a trap if they didn't they would be
surrounded by walking corpses spewing
corpse toxin which was hardly any safer
the group of boys resolved to dash after
the ground beating sound with lei wu
shan sure enough as soon as they started
moving the sound moved too at times they
could see a hazy delicate little shadow
in the thin fog ahead and at times
nothing was visible lan jingy ran for a
while then asked are we taking off just
like that
way washand turned his head back and
yelled hang on june i'm leaving this in
your hands we're going on ahead
the strings answered with a bone
sounding very much like something
sounding very much like someone uttered
uh hmm
anyway ruchen laughed out loud
that's it nothing else lansing he asked
what what more do you want me to say way
wuchen said why didn't you say i'm
worried about you i'm staying then he'd
say leave then you'd cried back no i'm
not leaving if we have to leave we leave
together isn't that the script
wait was shannon spluttered who taught
you that who said that sort of exchange
has to take place never mind me can you
imagine your clans hang one june saying
anything of the sort
the land juniors all mumbled no
right it's a waste of time waywa shan
said
your clan tan wong jun is such a
dependable individual i'm positive he
can handle it just fine i just gotta go
focus on doing what i gotta do and
either wait for him to come find me or
vice versa
oh
i think this is where we have to stop
for today
yeah i think this is a good place to
stop because now they're officially just
following the
bamboo sound
we are in the middle
of page 84
volume two of the official english
translation of moda sushi
holy
[__] that was fantastic that was so good
oh
that was everything i wanted just
everything [__] everything i wanted
oh my god
that was too
much fun where the hell
is my bookmark there it is
oh my god
so much fun so much fun
we made
we've read like 40 pages today
because we started at like page 43
and now we're in the middle of 84.
we had a little over 40 pages today holy
[__]
we are we're making good time
that ain't bad
84 out of hang on hang on
hang on hang on
is it also just
end to 350 it is
this also ends at 350.
yeah 84. okay
so like
just after
next time on thursday on thursday we
should probably at the end of thursday
we'll probably be like a third of the
way through it
damn
this is gonna go by faster than i
thought
how
[__] good is this
how good is this
honestly
this is too much fun this is this is
it's too much fun it's too much fun
remind
me because sometimes i get
uh the works
between mxtx and priest
confused
heaven officials blessing
so tgcf is mxtx correct
that's right right that's not priest
that's mxtx
yes yes
yes thank you eggy
also compliments to your screen name
um
right
yeah okay that's what i thought
then i am in trouble
because she just does
she just does so much
of what i absolutely love
she and i get along she and i get along
real well
so
i have an official's blessing kind of
terrifies me
that was a pretty good hour and a half
that went by in a shot pretty much i had
fun i don't know if you can tell but i
have fun doing this
and so i hope you have at least half as
much fun as i do
um next time
like i said we should probably be done
with the first third and that'll be it
thursday same time 3 p.m eastern
standard
and um
we'll keep going i'm sure since we
covered so much ground this time and
we're going to cover so much ground next
time the next time is going to be
thoroughly devastating
and i think she probably did that on
purpose she's like we're going to give
you some great awesome action
with fun
and fun evil and all that jazz right
before i absolutely [__] clobber you
with goddamn tragedy
that sounds about that sounds about
right for her um so bring the tissues
next time probably
i don't know i've only seen the untamed
but we'll be prepared for that
on thursday
i will see you then and until then
please please please
take care of yourselves
for the love of god
or the love of gosh as youtube
would rather you say
and i will see you guys on thursday
hopefully and of course remember if not
these things go up
um the second that the stream ends so
aside from some buffering time because
some people mention that
some buffer there's usually some
buffering time as they process the video
immediately after a live stream posts
especially one that you know goes north
of an hour but so just so give it a
little bit and then come back and you
should have pretty pretty smooth
playthrough so i will see you guys on
thursday you have good one take care of
yourself let me know what you're doing
in the comments
and i will see you then